docs/sync.md, before:

## Sync interface

The core extension implements the state machine and necessary SQL handling to decode and apply
sync line sent from a PowerSync service instance.

After registering the PowerSync extension, this client is available through the `powersync_control`
function, which takes two arguments: A command (text), and a payload (text, blob, or null).

The following commands are supported:

1. `start`: Payload is a JSON-encoded object. This requests the client to start a sync iteration, specifying
   parameters.
2. `stop`: No payload, requests the current sync iteration (if any) to be shut down.
3. `line_text`: Payload is a serialized JSON object received from the sync service.
4. `line_binary`: Payload is a BSON-encoded object received from the sync service.
5. `refreshed_token`: Notify the sync client that the JWT used to authenticate to the PowerSync service has
   changed.
   - The client will emit an instruction to stop the current stream, clients should restart by sending another `start`
     command.
6. `completed_upload`: Notify the sync implementation that all local changes have been uploaded.

`powersync_control` returns a JSON-encoded array of instructions for the client:

```typescript
type Instruction = { LogLine: LogLine }
   | { UpdateSyncStatus: UpdateSyncStatus }
   | { EstablishSyncStream: EstablishSyncStream }
   | { FetchCredentials: FetchCredentials }
   // Close a connection previously started after EstablishSyncStream
   | { CloseSyncStream: {} }
   // For the Dart web client, flush the (otherwise non-durable) file system.
   | { FlushFileSystem: {} }
   // Notify clients that a checkpoint was completed. Clients can clear the
   // download error state in response to this.
   | { DidCompleteSync: {} }

interface LogLine {
  severity: 'DEBUG' | 'INFO' | 'WARNING',
  line: String,
}

// Instructs client SDKs to open a connection to the sync service.
interface EstablishSyncStream {
  request: any // The JSON-encoded StreamingSyncRequest to send to the sync service
}

// Instructs SDKS to update the downloading state of their SyncStatus.
interface UpdateSyncStatus {
  connected: boolean,
  connecting: boolean,
  priority_status: [],
  downloading: null | DownloadProgress,
}

// Instructs SDKs to refresh credentials from the backend connector.
// They don't necessary have to close the connection, a CloseSyncStream instruction
// will be sent when the token has already expired.
interface FetchCredentials {
  // Set as an option in case fetching and prefetching should be handled differently.
  did_expire: boolean
}

interface SyncPriorityStatus {
  priority: int,
  last_synced_at: null | int,
  has_synced: null | boolean,
}

interface DownloadProgress {
  buckets: Record<string, BucketProgress>
}

interface BucketProgress {
  priority: int,
  at_last: int,
  since_last: int,
  target_count: int
}
```

Commit message:

Assert `powersync_control` is called in transactions only

docs/sync.md, after:

## Sync interface

The core extension implements the state machine and necessary SQL handling to decode and apply
sync line sent from a PowerSync service instance.

After registering the PowerSync extension, this client is available through the `powersync_control`
function, which takes two arguments: A command (text), and a payload (text, blob, or null).
The function should always be called in a transaction.

The following commands are supported:

1. `start`: Payload is a JSON-encoded object. This requests the client to start a sync iteration, specifying
   parameters.
2. `stop`: No payload, requests the current sync iteration (if any) to be shut down.
3. `line_text`: Payload is a serialized JSON object received from the sync service.
4. `line_binary`: Payload is a BSON-encoded object received from the sync service.
5. `refreshed_token`: Notify the sync client that the JWT used to authenticate to the PowerSync service has
   changed.
   - The client will emit an instruction to stop the current stream, clients should restart by sending another `start`
     command.
6. `completed_upload`: Notify the sync implementation that all local changes have been uploaded.

`powersync_control` returns a JSON-encoded array of instructions for the client:

```typescript
type Instruction = { LogLine: LogLine }
   | { UpdateSyncStatus: UpdateSyncStatus }
   | { EstablishSyncStream: EstablishSyncStream }
   | { FetchCredentials: FetchCredentials }
   // Close a connection previously started after EstablishSyncStream
   | { CloseSyncStream: {} }
   // For the Dart web client, flush the (otherwise non-durable) file system.
   | { FlushFileSystem: {} }
   // Notify clients that a checkpoint was completed. Clients can clear the
   // download error state in response to this.
   | { DidCompleteSync: {} }

interface LogLine {
  severity: 'DEBUG' | 'INFO' | 'WARNING',
  line: String,
}

// Instructs client SDKs to open a connection to the sync service.
interface EstablishSyncStream {
  request: any // The JSON-encoded StreamingSyncRequest to send to the sync service
}

// Instructs SDKS to update the downloading state of their SyncStatus.
interface UpdateSyncStatus {
  connected: boolean,
  connecting: boolean,
  priority_status: [],
  downloading: null | DownloadProgress,
}

// Instructs SDKs to refresh credentials from the backend connector.
// They don't necessary have to close the connection, a CloseSyncStream instruction
// will be sent when the token has already expired.
interface FetchCredentials {
  // Set as an option in case fetching and prefetching should be handled differently.
  did_expire: boolean
}

interface SyncPriorityStatus {
  priority: int,
  last_synced_at: null | int,
  has_synced: null | boolean,
}

interface DownloadProgress {
  buckets: Record<string, BucketProgress>
}

interface BucketProgress {
  priority: int,
  at_last: int,
  since_last: int,
  target_count: int
}
```
